How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

Viewing a diff between two versions of the JavaScript file helped
point out what was different quickly.  It also helps you to understand how the
variables are interacting with all of the code.  It was quite the time saver
rather than looking line by line searching for an error.  You could miss it
every time!  You can use the git diff [file1] [file2] command in bash to see the
differences.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

If you happen to lose data or make a mess of your code, it would be much
quicker to revert back to an older version of code.  Also, if you have different
versions of the software or website developed, it could come in handy for
point releases of that application.  You wouldn't push code that isn't ready or
tested yet to be in the production environment.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
Docs does?

The obvious con is if you forget to save and lose hours or more times worth of
work.  Another con is having too many commits in the repo.  The pro would be
that you can be concise and logical about commits so there are not too many.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think Git is geared towards development where multiple files are needed for a
single project.  Whereas Google Docs is more of a cloud-based collaboration tool.
This allows you to see the full picture of the application at a given time across
all files involved in making the project work.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I would like to use Git to host my Udacity projects so I can grab them when I am
on the go.  Whether on my work laptop or at home on my personal laptop, I would
like to be able to keep everything at the same level.  THE POWER OF THE CLOUD!
